Apache Spark support (#8784)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-versions/release-notes.md

## March 2026

> - **Beta:** Apache Spark is now supported in the <Constant name="fusion_engine" /> CLI, enabling faster compilation and execution for your Spark-based dbt projects. Currently, <Constant name="fusion" /> only supports Apache Spark 3.0. For more information, see [Connect Apache Spark to Fusion](/docs/local/connect-data-platform/spark-setup).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  **Beta:** Apache Spark is now supported in the <Constant name="fusion_engine" /> CLI, enabling faster compilation and execution for Spark-based dbt projects. <Constant name="fusion" /> currently supports only Apache Spark 3.0. For more information, refer to [Connect Apache Spark to Fusion](/docs/local/connect-data-platform/spark-setup).
```

Reviewer: Hiya @luna-bianca 

Just amended this slightly to tighten up the sentence
